README.md, before:

TODO:
[x] Use the user id from Clerk as the ID for the lifts
[x] Create an add lift form with React Server Actions
[x] Clean up the components
[x] Correctly revalidate the path after the post is made
[x] Optimistically update the UI
[x] The list should display the user name
[x] Create a select for the lift type
[x] Consolidate components
[x] Add unit kgs/lbs to the form
[x] Update the form to be a Shadcn/ui form
[x] Improve the design for bench press entries
[x] Improve the design of the lift list
[x] Display data by lifts in the database
[x] Group lifts by the lift type
[x] Add a rank to the table
[x] show a max of 5 records per table and scroll after that
[x] Improve the date formatting
[x] Deploy so that other users can enter their information
[x] Drop the date column from the Table
[x] Display only the top logs by lift, user, reps, sets
[x] Fix the ordering issue
[x] Delete dummy data
[x] Implement the Shadcn Form component
[x] Update lift selector
[ ] Prevent the system styles from effecting the UI (fix it to dark mode)
[ ] Update the Top Nav
[ ] Review Drizzle Docs
[ ] Update the table to be a Data Table instead of the basic Shadcn table
[ ] Fix TypeScript errors
[ ] Allow users to enter the age
[ ] Allow users to view only their lift logs
[ ] Add charts for their logs
[ ] Add filters to the Logs so users can see how they compare to others

Commit message:

'Updated lift selector, added My Lifts page, fixed TypeScript errors. Mobile navbar and better data display added.'

README.md, after:

TODO:
[x] Use the user id from Clerk as the ID for the lifts
[x] Create an add lift form with React Server Actions
[x] Clean up the components
[x] Correctly revalidate the path after the post is made
[x] Optimistically update the UI
[x] The list should display the user name
[x] Create a select for the lift type
[x] Consolidate components
[x] Add unit kgs/lbs to the form
[x] Update the form to be a Shadcn/ui form
[x] Improve the design for bench press entries
[x] Improve the design of the lift list
[x] Display data by lifts in the database
[x] Group lifts by the lift type
[x] Add a rank to the table
[x] show a max of 5 records per table and scroll after that
[x] Improve the date formatting
[x] Deploy so that other users can enter their information
[x] Drop the date column from the Table
[x] Display only the top logs by lift, user, reps, sets
[x] Fix the ordering issue
[x] Delete dummy data
[x] Implement the Shadcn Form component
[x] Update lift selector
[x] Update the Top Nav to work on Mobile
[x] Create My Lifts page
[x] Fix TypeScript errors and improve definitions
[ ] Prevent the system styles from effecting the UI (fix it to dark mode)
[ ] Put the form in a drawer to show and hide it
[ ] Review Drizzle Docs
[ ] Update the table to be a Data Table instead of the basic Shadcn table
[ ] Allow users to enter the age
[ ] Allow users to view only their lift logs
[ ] Add charts for their logs
[ ] Add filters to the Logs so users can see how they compare to others
